So with the project cleaned up, this is our application, what do we want to cache,
what would make sense?
Well keep in mind, this card here in the middle, the San Francisco trip, this is some dynamic content.
Yes we fake it a little bit but in the end, we do make this fetch request here which triggers Create
Card,
so if that fails, this card will never be created so we can treat it as a dynamic request.
There are other parts of the application which are more static though,
in the end of course everything is loaded over the wire but our menu here, the help page and a majority
of the feed page here, like this plus button and what we open here is all static content,
it's all inside the index.html file or the HTML file in the help section or part of the loaded CSS and
Javascript files we fetch here.
So all these things we import here are basically in the end parts of our core app
we could say. We call this the app shell, the application shell, the frame of our application you could
say.
So everything around your dynamic content because most applications have something like that, a toolbar
a side bar, a footer maybe, some features which are really a core part of the app and which by the way from
a developer's perspective don't change that often.
On the other hand, you have dynamic content,
what the user really wants to see, what he wants to visit and we can cache this too
but it's not part of our app shell.
So a typical concept is to at least cache this app shell, so you have this frame and this basic app,
maybe you have a text displaying nothing can be shown right now or something like that to give the user
the feeling that your application is still working even if it's offline
and again as I already said, throughout the course we will also learn how to cache dynamic content so that everything
about our application works without internet connection.
Let's start with this app shell though so that when the user visits our app and it's offline, he doesn't
see this but still sees our web page even though the dynamic content might be missing. On the other hand,
pages like the help page which are fully static would still work which is great.
So this is the goal for now, cache that app shell and this is in general how you work with service workers.
You find out what your app shell is, what the core assets of your application are that are visible
on most pages or are used on most pages, then you want to pre-cache that already whilst your service worker
is installing and then you can think about what you want to cache on an on-demand basis, dynamically cache
it
and as a last step you can think about dynamic content, so content which changes frequently, which you
might want to cache. Too much for now?
Well we'll walk through all these steps step-by-step,
let's start with pre-caching our app shell.